Money, rupees one crore was paid
to honourable P.V. Narasimha Rao...
...the Prime Minister of India.
He's just selling lies,
as he has always done...
...to divert the media's attention
from the scam to the Prime Minister.
It is not the 'Harshad Mehta scam'.
It is the 'P.V. Narasimha Rao scam'.
And if both sides keep giving statements,
problems may arise.
[Sucheta] 'Even if Harshad was lying,
he was denting the image of those in power...'
'...and everyone was aware that a solution
was necessary.'
Mr. Mehta, you said,
that you have a visiting slip...
...dated 4th November,
for the Prime Minister's residence.
Yes. That is right.
But I can't find that slip.
[Das] If you contradict yourself...
...you don't really have
any case against the Prime Minister.
[Das] 'I hope you understand.'
[Sucheta] 'Curiously, Harshad
began to contradict himself.'
'His claims and accusations against the
Prime Minister could never be proven...'
'Was Harshad trying to let off the
PM as part of a deal? Nobody knows.'
'But the matter fizzled out.
Harshad was never charged for dealing in narcotics.'
'But now, Harshad was banned
from the stock market...'
'...and the market continued its free-fall.'
'The Sensex dropped from
4461 in April 1992...'
'...to 2000.'
'Those who had lost everything
in the market crash...'
'...for them...
Harshad Mehta was really a liar...'
[loud thud]
The police have been informed.
You just need to sign here.
Why is he here?
Ask him to leave.
How did this happen?
[Rahil's wife] 'How did it happen?'
I don't know.
You don't know?
You knew everything.
[Rahil's wife] 'You were the smartest,
weren't you?'
This man...
...he didn't know anything.
Whenever I asked...
...he would say, "Harshad knows.
Harshad knows everything".
So, tell me Harshad Bhai.
Who killed him?
It may look like suicide to you.
But the truth is, you killed him.
You destroyed him.
- Let it be.
- You had killed him a long time ago.
Today is just the funeral.
And listen!
He's not the only one.
You've killed many people
like him.
We invested money on your word.
[Rahil's wife] 'We trusted you and...'
...you say, you don't know?
What don't you know?
What do you not know!
[Rahil's wife sobbing]
[Title Montage]
It's a nice view.
Yes, the view is beautiful.
When you were away from home,
you must have missed this view?
You mean, when I was in jail.
Not this view,
but I did miss my point of view.
Because my point of view was
never printed/ captured.
Come.
[Harshad] 'Have some snacks,
before we start.'
CBI and IT are so fond of our
snacks that...
...sometimes they raid me
just to eat some snacks.
- Can I keep it here?
- Sure.
And your taste is similar.
So, I'm sure you'll like it too.
You seem to know a lot about me.
In the market, you've to keep
a tab on both friends and enemies.
So, am I a friend or an enemy?
You know that best.
I think you'll know it soon too.
I'm sure.
- Shall we start?
- Yes...
So, Mr. Mehta, you were
the common man's hero.
And many people in the market
trusted you.
But then, when you were away,
they lost their trust...
...they lost their life savings,
and a few of them even lost their lives.
So, what do you feel given the losses
that people faced because of you...
The loss of confidence in the market...
...can it be restored?
I'm asking you this because...
if you are able to return to the market...
...can you resolve this crisis?
Are you still capable of it?
You see...
There is a misunderstanding.
I am not that capable.
I really am not.
In fact, I want to remove
this "I" part of it.
I have never said that I'm so capable.
[Harshad] 'Look...'
'I know, many people have faced
huge losses because of me.'
In spite of the fact...
...that I have nothing to do
with the market fall directly.
We always had a policy...
...that no one must incur
a loss because of us.
No individual and bank should suffer
because of the dues...
...of Harshad Mehta.
You want me to believe this?
You want me to believe...
...that you feel guilty for the losses
you caused to small investors.
Really, Mr. Mehta?
Look, I told you what I feel.
I expressed my guilt.
Believing it or not, is up to you.
I can't force you to believe this.
Though, I would like you to believe.
And if it's about losses, then...
...I am suffering too, aren't I?
There's only one way to resolve
this matter as soon as possible.
We'll request the special court...
...that we're ready
to settle all the claims.
'The settlement commission
will take care of everything.'
And they have all the powers
to grant immunity.
If the commission agrees...
...gets convinced...
...all your assets
will be released.
'But, Mr. Mehta...'
...please don't get
attached to these assets.
These days, the special court is more
attached to my assets than I am.
This CBI...
Do they have nothing better to do?
Now, they've slapped a new case.
[Bhushan] 'This is the charge sheet.'
They just don't want us
to get out of these cases.
As soon as they heard about
the settlement commission...
...they're threatening
us with charge sheets.
They want to silence us.
This is ridiculous enough to give
fever to a donkey.
They say, settlement commissions
can grant immunity...
...only for future prosecutions.
[Bhushan] 'Not for ongoing cases.'
[Harshad] 'There's no doubt that CBI
has handled my case in a unique manner.'
Unique manner?
You feel like you've been
discriminated against?
Yes, I have been
discriminated against.
Just look at my case.
In my case,
they have notified my entire family.
I have never seen that before.
You can check for yourself.
Today, I am left without any assets
or money... virtually.
Plus, they've filed
so many cases against me.
Usually, every case has one FIR.
But when it comes to me, they've
filed seven FIRs in every case.
[Harshad] 'And look at the number
of agencies going behind me.'
RBI, CBI, IT, ED, JPC...
The Income Tax Department
filed such a big case.
Ten thousand crores.
[Harshad] 'Isn't that ridiculous?'
But, you know
what my biggest crime is?
That I'm Harshad Mehta.
[Harshad] 'Why are you rubbing
your nose in these law books?'
'Are you planning to quit the business
and become a lawyer?'
Business?
What business?
Bhai, now only we know the law,
do we stand a chance.
Because, given our situation...
...if we don't become lawyers,
we won't be able to do business.
[Ashwin] 'We have the CBI
cases to defend.'
IT department is slapping penalty
after penalty. We've to defend that.
And our custodian...
[Ashwin] 'His math is all
over the place.'
'His office has not even done
the accounting correctly.'
Bhushan was saying, they've
undervalued all our assets.
Bloody idiots.
[Harshad] 'Let the custodian do
what he wishes.'
Let him set the values.
The custodian is value-less himself.
You know what I think?
This is the right time
to start something new.
Go ahead.
Start something new.
But this time, it's not just a
matter of our assets or of money.
Our name is at stake, Harshad.
When 'Nathhu' gets rich,
people start calling him 'Nathalal'.
Once we have money, the name will follow.
That's not how you build a name.
People are calling us thieves.
All these cases...
we have to fight against them all.
We have to fight against the system.
We'll have to clear our names
from all these cases.
Or else...
Forget us, people won't even
leave our children in peace.
So, do you think...
...you'll read a few books, and
become a lawyer in a couple of days?
Do you think, all these cases
will be over in a couple of days?
Can I ask you something
off the records?
It's been three to four years...
and I still wonder...
...who got
this verbal diarrhoea?
[Harshad] 'Who turned this into a story?
Who is this source?'
I never reveal my sources.
I think it's unethical.
Of course. I understand.
But now this matter is old,
it's stale. How does it matter?
So? Mr. Mehta, I take my sources
to my grave.
I'm just trying to understand...
...if your source had
a personal enmity with me.
Did he have a problem with me?
[Harshad] 'Huh?'
The systemic loopholes and irregularities
that everyone was exploiting...
...calling them a scam...
...maybe he used you
against me..?
Use?
Mr. Mehta, I report
strictly based on facts.
I'm here because I think it's necessary
to get your side of the story too.
[Sucheta] 'Because I believe you need
a fair hearing too.'
Fair hearing?
Your source told you something then...
...you believed it and printed it.
And now, when the whole world
is pointing fingers at me...
[Harshad] '...when I'm in trouble...
Now you talk about a fair hearing?'
I tried talking to you even then.
But you were in denial.
Back then, you probably felt
that no one can touch you.
These things you say...
about being fair and unfair...
...do you think I don't understand
what you mean?
When it comes to one's gain,
nothing is fair or unfair.
You see, in business, it takes time
to create fortune...
...and timing to kill it.
In your business of journalism, it is
the same, isn't it? It's all about timing.
You and your source
timed it very well.
Mr. Mehta, I am not in the business
of journalism.
I write stories based on facts.
Stories that are important.
Stories that matter.
Whom do they matter to?
The judiciary? The public?
The system?
It doesn't matter to anyone.
- Nobody gives a f**k.
- I give a f**k.
Because of this blatant misuse
and blatant arrogance...
...the whole system is f****d.
- You seem offended...
- Mr. Mehta, I think we are done.
I hear, that you're writing
a book on this "scam"?
Do show it to me
before you publish it.
I'll do a fact-check.
[Debashis] 'Finally!'
Done with this proofreading.
Sometimes I feel, we should've taken
Harshad's suggestion.
He could've helped.
All these numbers and figures...
Just cross-checking them
can leave one confused.
And then, we would have to name him
in the acknowledgements too.
Oh yes.
- That reminds me...
-[Sucheta] 'Hmm...'
We'll have to thank 'Karamchand' too.
Can you stop
calling my source 'Karamchand'?
- You know I call him DT.
- Oh, yes. Deep Throat. Yeah...
You could've come up
with something original.
[Debashis] 'You just stole it
from All the President's Men.'
So, you think that is original, huh?
They also stole it,
for your information.
You don't know anything.
Please go and do some research.
I will.
But I don't need to call
your source DT...
...because I know his real name.
- Really?
- Of course.
A couple of meetings between
you both...
...and I had figured who this
"Deep Throat" is...
- Yeah... I know...
-[Debashis] 'You don't believe me?'
No.
I can tell you his name right away.
- Can you?
- Yes.
- Tell me.
- What if I tell you?
- What?
- What do I get in return?
Return? You're a journalist.
Since when did the journalists start
thinking about returns?
Come on!
There has to be some reward.
I kept mum all this while in spite
of knowing your source's name.
Okay. Fine.
What do you want?
- With henna, keep your hands decorated
- Debu, please...
With flowers, keep the palanquin decorated
Oh, my God, Debu.
To take you away fair maiden,
your beloved will make this journey!
Is there a point to this?
Marry me.
Tell me the name of my source, first.
Your source has helped so much.
We have to thank him in the book,
don't we?
Number 36. Mr. Anil Khurana.
[Auctioneer] 'Next car.'
Number 20. Mr. Raja Duggal.
[knocks the gavel]
...My duties as Prime Minister...
[Sucheta] 'In 1996, Harshad had
a stroke of luck once again.'
'Prime Minister Rao was
relinquishing his seat'.
'Harshad was no longer perceived
as government's enemy number one...'
'He had also got relief
in a few cases.'
'His mind was at work again.'
Five years ago we were to
destroy Merill Lynch...
Along the way, we got destroyed.
Seventy-two criminal cases.
And more than 600 civil cases.
I'm bigger than
a don of the underworld.
[Harshad] 'But yes... This might put me
in the Guinness Book of World Records.'
Don't laugh. This is a fact.
It's not a joke.
And you are amazing.
When the going got tough...
Hey, idiot!
Because of you, CBI, IT...
...they had made my life miserable.
I wasn't allowed to even s**t in peace.
[Pranav] 'I know how to keep a low profile.'
That is why I'm fine. I'm happy.
But you...
You are Bachchan.
New people have entered
Bollywood and the market.
Now the era of both, Amitabh Bachchan
and Harshad Mehta, is over.
Darling...
...time doesn't go anywhere.
Rather, it brings with it.
Experience.
And experience has its own value.
Get it?
True. Experience does have value.
That's why I'm planning to
write a newspaper column.
About the market.
What to buy, when to sell,
I'll advise people.
-[knock on the door]
- Come in.
What is this?
[Peon] 'This is
from Harshad Mehta's office.'
'The delivery boy said you'll know,
that this is for you.'
- Okay, thank you.
-[Peon] 'Okay.'
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
- Did you get the photographs, Sucheta ji?
Mr. Mehta,
if there's an article about you...
...then I have many pictures of you.
I don't know
why you're sending me all of this.
How can I tell my boss
what to do?
What?
[Harshad] 'Looks like
nobody has told you anything.'
Fine, I'll tell you.
You're going to be my boss.
[Harshad] 'From next month, I am
writing a column in your newspaper.'
And since you're the editor
of the finance section...
'...that makes you my boss, right?'
So, I thought, let my boss
select the photograph...
[Harshad] '...that will go
with the column.'
[Harshad] 'I'm not writing this column
just to pass time.'
This is a strategy
to remain in the public eye.
One should always remain
a topic of conversation.
Welcome, Mr. Nair.
- Hello, good morning.
- Good morning.
[Nair clears throat]
- Sit.
- Thank you.
Ashwin, meet Mr. Nair.
Senior media manager.
He's helping me get the column
at Times of India.
Sir, there's a problem.
Top management has some issues
with your column.
They are not sure whether they want
to publish it right away or not.
You mean Sucheta Dalal
has a problem with my column.
But sir, we've found a solution.
There's a Hindi newspaper
Navdesh Samachar...
...they are ready to publish your column.
[Nair] 'It also has wider reach
among your investors.'
'Mostly, the smaller ones.'
"Mr. Mehta..."
"...some people say
that your best days are behind you..."
"...while others look up at you
as the market guru."
"What is the secret behind this?"
"There is no secret."
"It's all about practical experiences."
"I've had this exposure
of multiple businesses."
"And I am fortunate enough to have
worked on the floors of stock market."
"I have dabbled both in stock markets
and money markets."
"And I'm sure, no MBA or businessmen
would have similar experience."
"So, my advice are more practical
than bookish."
"Somebody wants
to invest some money today..."
"What would be the stocks
he is likely to invest in..."
"...or he should invest in?"
"There are lots of stocks."
"I have identified a few of those."
"Would you like to identify
five of them for us?"
"The five stocks..."
"...that in the long term will yield
dividends to its investors."
- "Which would you choose?"
- "Mr. Nandy..."
"You can't get those names
out of me so easily."
[Harshad] "You have to
pay the price for it."
[TV Pundit] "And What is that price?"
"The stock itself."
[Harshad chuckles]
[Harshad] "Look, I know many people are
interested in my predictions..."
Do nothing, and still look busy.
[Harshad] "So, here is what I've done."
This all that he wants to do.
[Harshad] "We have created
a website on the internet."
- Doling out free advice.
-[Harshad] "www.harshad.com"
[Harshad]"I'll keep you posted there..."
[Harshad]"...about where to invest
and when to invest."
Dhananjay ji, these boys
are your future, right?
Yes.
...in the same way,
this is the market's future.
Now for tips, there's no need
to go to the market and...
...have endless cups of tea
and sandwiches.
With this computer, you can get tips
and also trade, from home.
Did you understand?
Harshad Bhai...
...do you have a telescope
attached to your brain?
[Broker 1] 'How do you see
so far into the future?'
The market really misses you.
Just rock the market this time.
Look, buddy, I've seen the worst.
All the accounts are suspended.
We don't know what surprises
are awaiting in these cases.
But I have some plans
for the future.
Harshad Bhai, doing
business in the name of Growmore...
I mean, we have no problem...
...Don't misunderstand me,
but in the market... you know..?
How... how will we do it?
Look, buddy.
The problem is the name, right?
So we'll change the name.
But only if we want to grow more.
[Harshad] 'Yes, buy the shares
of Videocon.'
You can buy them from Calcutta.
[Harshad] 'Buddy, give it some string.'
'The wind is blowing
in the right direction.'
This needs to remain high
like a kite. Steady.
Okay.
Come in.
Do you need something, Bhushan?
Why? Did I disturb you?
I need to talk to you.
Everyone has a hawk's eye on us.
We're trading after a long time.
[Bhushan] 'You're pushing up
the prices of BPL and Sterlite.'
If someone even suspects...
We had made a mistake, right?
[Harshad] 'So, I'm moving forward
learning from those mistakes.'
I will only take it as high
as I can handle.
But if something changes
out of the blue, what can I do?
"At 15:45 hours, India conducted..."
"...three underground nuclear tests
in the Pokhran range."
[Sucheta] 'At the peak of Harshad's
leveraged position...'
'...India conducted
a nuclear test in June 1998.'
'Foreigners panicked, pulled out money
and the market simply melted.'
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
- Hi.
Do you remember,
I was telling you about the stocks...
...of Sterlite, BPL and Videocon
and how their prices were shooting up?
-[DT] 'Hmm.'
- So, all of their prices...
...drastically fell
after the market sank.
[DT] 'I know.'
So, now, the rumours are...
...that there are some
Damayanti group of companies...
...that were rigging their prices.
And now they have
a huge payment default at BSE.
[DT] 'Okay, so?'
So, I found out that
instead of forcing them to pay up...
...the people at BSE are
actually helping them.
I mean, they've lowered the margins
in the scrips they control...
...and they are arm-twisting other
companies to cover their payment default.
Unbelievable.
Why is BSE even allowing any of this?
That too, for some unheard-of company.
Exactly what I thought.
So, I did some digging.
And, looks like BSE is taking
instructions from our old friend.
Who? Harshad?
Who else? Half the people at BSE
are still his devotees.
They opened the trading system
in the middle of the night...
...to insert synchronised
trades at prices...
...that were completely out
of line with the day's trading.
But why is Harshad trying
to bail out this Damayanti group?
I don't know. Harshad and Growmore...
...don't seem to have any
connection to these stocks.
- Unless...
...Damayanti Group is
in some way connected to Harshad.
Exactly.
What do you want from me?
We have to pull out all the details
of this Damayanti Group.
Can you help me?
All the Damayanti Group of companies
have the same address.
It's 1208 Maker Chambers 5,
Nariman Point, 400021.
Growmore Research
and Asset Management Limited?
Thank you. Exactly.
And these four people...
...Dilip Shah, Vinod Shah,
Anil Doshi and Dinesh Doshi...
...are directors of this
Damayanti group...
...in various permutations
and combinations.
Okay...
Do you know who they are?
Jyoti Mehta's brothers.
Jyoti is Harshad's wife?
The outlaw has started a company
in the name of his in-laws.
Exactly. We finally have evidence
linking Harshad to Damayanti.
You know what?
Let's just give all of this to SEBI.
Unlike last time,
they are no longer toothless tigers.
They have all the powers.
Let them investigate.
Okay.
Who had travelled from Mumbai
to Delhi on 27th February?
Harshad Mehta?
[Accountant] 'No, sir.
It was one of our employees.'
Look, the ticket has been booked
in his name.
Just call up the airline and confirm...
...if Harshad Mehta travelled
to Delhi on this date.
Sure, sir.
[SEBI Official 2] 'Many calls
have been made to this number.'
And, many calls have also been
received from the same number.
- Whose number is this?
- Sir, I don't know.
Sir, here are all the contract notes.
BPL, Videocon, Sterlite.
Keep it carefully.
Sure, sir.
[Sucheta] 'It was established that
Damayanti Group was set up by Harshad.'
'No one even tried to
cover their tracks.'
'By cornering of shares
and price manipulation...'
'...they created an artificial market
which ultimately crashed.'
How come you aren't ready yet?
Don't you have to go for
your TV recording today?
There won't be any recording
for a few days.
With all the things going on...
It won't look good...
That is fine.
But you didn't even exercise today.
The doctor has advised you
to exercise every day.
Then?
Come on.
Run a little.
I've been running for years now.
Look, I'm still running.
I'm tired now.
I just want to rest now.
I need some peace.
For peace, you need to
first calm your mind.
You think too much.
Stop thinking.
Then everything will be fine.
And...
By the way...
...if you want peace,
you can always think about me.
Okay, let's try that.
Anyway...
I have nowhere to go now.
There's no need to go anywhere.
Stay here... with me.
My time might be up, anytime now.
[Harshad] 'And I might have to go...
soon...'
Why are you saying
such scary jinxed things?
You advise everyone else
to always think positive.
I'm just joking.
Look at me...
What's going to happen to me?
- Come on, make some tea for me.
- No, I won't.
Quickly make some tea
before something happens to me.
I'm not leaving you alone.
You're all dressed up, as if
you were going to be recorded today.
Is it nice?
[Ashwin] 'Bhushan?'
- Are you leaving?
- Yes. I didn't have much work, so...
Why? What happened?
The custodian has sent the report.
- Report?
- Yes.
The one which comes periodically...
- ...about liabilities and assets?
- Oh... Yes...
An entire lot of shares
is missing, Bhushan.
I mean, it's in my records
but not in their reports.
They must've messed it up
during the audit.
I'll look into those reports again.
Almost 27 lakh shares are missing.
Approximately worth 300 crores.
Here...
Look at this...
Did you come across this mistake before?
Ashwin Bhai, there are
assets worth 2,000 crores...
...and liabilities worth 16,000 crores.
And god knows, how many shares
of how many companies.
Just maintaining the records
curdles my brain.
And you have seen how they keep
the shares in the custodian's storeroom.
I hope they haven't
misplaced those shares.
Misplace?
But don't worry, Ashwin Bhai.
I'll check all the records again.
May I go?
Are you in a hurry?
No... We'll leave together
if you say.
Go.
See you.
[Harshad] 'How can 27 lakh shares
go missing from the records?'
- Your figures are never wrong.
- No, they aren't.
But you know. Bhushan
maintains the records of all the assets.
He is the one who checks all the reports
of the custodian.
But I think, with age, his brain
has stopped working.
[Ashwin] 'I don't know
what goes on his mind.'
Thankfully, I checked the old
records and spotted this mistake.
Bhai, we must inform
the custodian as soon as possible.
No, wait...
He's crazy.
He'll suspect us instead.
Let's ask Bhushan. Let him check them again.
Bhai, Bhushan and you
don't understand the law.
In none of the previous reports
from the custodian...
...are these shares mentioned.
But, they're showing in our records.
I've checked them myself.
I feel, in '92, when we were
both in custody...
...that's when this mistake
has occurred in the records.
[Ashwin] 'I feel we should go
tomorrow, and complain about this.'
It's 300 crores, Bhai.
If we delay even a little...
...the custodian might
blame this back on us.
[Ashwin] 'Even if the problem
might be in their records.'
If we find these 27 lakh shares...
...our liability will be
reduced by 300 crores.
- Three hundred crores?
-[Ashwin] 'Yes.'
Okay.
- Tell me.
- We have just one request.
Please locate all these shares...
...and restore them in our names,
with all the benefits.
First tell me,
which shares are we talking about?
And how did they go missing?
In 1992, during the case...
...the court had attached
all our assets.
There were two to three storerooms
full of shares.
And among them, were
these 27 lakh shares.
Two to three storerooms?
How can two-three storerooms full of shares
be misplaced by the custodian?
What are you trying to say?
That we've stolen our own attached shares?
- That's what you mean, right?
-[Custodian] 'Please calm down.'
We'll do an investigation.
'Your record is unique, anyway.'
There are so many
on-going investigations.
What's one more?
What is it, Bhai?
What have you done now?
What did we do?
Why does the CBI want
to interrogate me?
Why did they call me again?
It's nothing. Calm down.
We spoke to the custodian
about those missing shares.
That a*****e must've told the CBI.
[Harshad] 'So now, CBI is enquiring.'
'Or they are pretending to enquire.'
It's not a big deal.
They'll question
a few employees. That's it.
That's it?
You should've spoken to me
before going to the custodian.
[Ashwin] 'Spoken to you?'
Meaning?
Ashwin Bhai,
if CBI troubles me, then...
[Harshad] 'Hey!'
Sit down and speak calmly.
- Sit!
- I don't want to sit!
Then talk.
The shares aren't missing.
[Harshad] 'What do you mean?'
I sold those shares.
You sold them!
Those shares were
attached by the court.
[Ashwin] 'What do you mean you sold them?'
Have you sold your brain too?!
The court never attached those shares.
When I gave the list of assets,
I didn't include those shares at all.
Then as we have often done,
I transferred all those shares...
...to a front company
and sold them off at the open market.
A*****e!
Were they your father's shares,
m**********r!
How can you f**k us over
being one of us?
[Bhushan] 'I..?'
'I f****d you over?'
'I f****d you over?!'
All this while I've been
kissing your a**!
CBI was pissing on my face.
What did you expect me to do?
You have so many assets
and properties.
What do I have?
An empty drum!
When you were not getting bail,
it felt like the end.
I also have a family.
I have to think about them.
So, I sold off all those shares.
Whatever amount I got,
I kept.
[Ashwin] 'We trusted you so much!'
We believed in you like a brother.
Even I had taken Harshad for
a brother, Ashwin Bhai.
I believed in him,
and joined Growmore.
Tell Ashwin Bhai...
...when you came to me
with the offer to join Growmore...
...what did you say, you m**********r!
Do you remember
or should I remind you?
You told me,
"I want to create history. "
"You need 100 employees
who will give their 100 percent..."
"...then, I'm 1,000 percent
sure I'll create history."
"But only Bhushan Bhatt can be
the commander of those 100 people."
"We are old partners."
"You can take whatever you want.
Join hands with me."
[Bhushan] 'I joined hands with you.'
Harshad, you created your history.
But I was going to be history.
Did you make me a partner in the company?
Forget partner, you f**king
made me an office-clerk!
Are you even worthy
of being a partner?
Do you have the b**ls?
You are a f**king coward.
And what are you crying about?
You haven't made less money.
You too have minted a lot.
Look Bhushan, because of your f**k up,
I'm not going to go to jail this time.
You a*****e, CBI will think that
I've done another scam.
Do you think I want to go to jail?
You deserve to be in jail.
- The CBI will arrest you.
- Don't threaten me with CBI!
- Bhushan, you m**********r!
- Ashwin Bhai!
Who will tell CBI?
The two of you?
Mehta Brothers?
Ashwin Bhai,
what was that?
The pot calling the kettle black..?
You have so many front companies.
[Bhushan] 'You have transferred
so many shares to them.'
If CBI gets to know, it won't
end well for anyone, Harshad.
It would have been better if these
shares had remained missing.
Bhushan, I want my money.
You won't get it.
Hmm? You won't get it.
Do what you can.
And if you have the b**ls
then prove...
...in court that you own these
shares and take them back.
Get out! Get out of here!
[Ashwin] 'Get out! M**********r!'
Bhushan, you M**********r!
I'm still in the market.
I'll have you paraded naked.
F*****g b*****d!
Sir, I'm an honest employee
in Harshad's company...
...I do what my boss asks me to.
But your boss wants those shares back
which were never in the record.
You handle the records of all
Growmore assets, right?
- Isn't it? Tell me.
- Yes.
Where have those shares disappeared...
...if neither Growmore
nor the custodian have them?
The brothers have secretly sold all
the shares in the open market.
Sir, in 1992 when the custodian
attached Harshad's assets...
...Harshad did not declare those stocks.
And after he got out of jail...
...he transferred all the shares
to front companies.
And between 1993 and 1995...
...he gradually introduced these shares
in the market and sold them.
When Harshad had not declared
those shares...
...why did he go
to the custodian?
Sir, you know Harshad Mehta.
He has fooled everyone, from
the share market to the Prime Minister.
This time too, he thought he'll blame it all
on the custodian and get away with it.
This is his new scam, sir.
[Amitabh] 'I welcome you all.'
'I welcome you all
to today's episode.'
'I am Amitabh Bachchan and you're
watching "Kaun Banega Crorepati".'
'Thank you.'
There was a time when
I was the Bachchan of the market.
I used to earn millions
for the common man.
Now Mr. Bachchan
is making common men millionaires.
Even Mr. Bachchan
had to move...
...from the big screen to the small
to make a comeback.
If we want to make a comeback again,
we should also start small.
There you go. Bhabhi.
Do you have anything to say?
Small is as risky as big.
And risk is...
...the spice of life!
He won't change.
[doorbell ringing]
[TV playing in the background]
Why don't you understand?
I haven't sold any anonymous shares.
This is all my employee's doing...
You f**king white-collar
criminals. Who do you think you are?
Are you above the system?
You live in big houses,
drive luxurious cars.
Does that give you the power
to use us?
You p**p, so many people are
on the streets because of you.
So many people died, you m**********r!
Start talking.
Confess everything.
Tell me the truth.
Otherwise, I'll kill you
and bury you right here.
Start talking!
[Ashwin] 'Don't worry.'
The special court also gave you
five years in the Maruti case, remember?
Did anything happen then?
We took it to the
Supreme Court, didn't we?
This time too,
they can't keep you in jail for long.
The day I get out...
...I'll f*****g kill Bhushan.
Forget Bhushan.
We'll handle him later.
Listen, Bhai.
I'll get you bail on health grounds.
Okay?
And the CBI can't keep you in jail
for long, without any reason.
You're talking like a real lawyer.
This medicine...
Take care of your health.
Take your medicine on time.
Don't flush it down the toilet
like you did when we were kids.
And Jyoti has asked you to
exercise regularly...
I'll do it, I will.
I'll leave now.
I'll get the date from the court
soon.
Don't worry.
[Harshad groaning]
Jyoti...
Call Jyoti...
Sir...
Doctor...
Jyoti... Jyoti!
[crackers bursting]
[Sucheta] 'What's your family's
reaction to this entire situation?'
[Harshad] 'My family and I have
different points of view.'
'I am on one side, with my
ambitions and dreams...'
[phone ringing]
[Harshad] '...and on the other,
is my family...'
'...who always stop me
from doing things.'
'What should we do now?
Why do we need to do it... how?'
'And these cases have
given them another excuse.'
'But you see, now I see a point
in whatever they are saying.'
'Beyond a few crores,
I don't need money.'
'I'm brilliant with numbers.'
'And I know, that if you
don't control your money...
'...it can quickly become a curse.'
'It starts giving you negative impact
rather than positive.'
'And I don't want to pass
this poison to my son.'
'It's true
that money can turn into poison.'
Don't be deluded by illusions.
Don't take pride in the body!
It's as fragile as clay
Don't be deluded by illusions
Don't take pride in the body!
It's as fragile as clay.
It's as fragile as clay,
Like a drop of dew
A blast of wind...
Just a little gust
And the body will turn to dust
There was a stern king
Famed among nations
Elephants swayed in his court
- When Elephants swayed in his court
-[phone ringing]
The clay lamp ran out of oil
A blast of wind...
Just a little gust
And the body will turn to dust
[Sucheta] After the scam, the government
made many rules...
for both banks and the share market...
A lot changed.
And yet, nothing did.
Like anywhere else in the world,
ingenious criminal minds...
went on to subvert these systems
and scams continued...
The clay lamp ran out of oil
The play scattered
The light went out in the lamp
The light went out in the lamp,
Like a drop of dew
A blast of wind...
Just a little gust
And the body will turn to dust!
This whole scam or whatever you call,
irregularities...
...has been not committed
by any one person...
...or any one group of persons.
It is the whole business.
And to the surprise, even now
the confession is there from the RBI.
That they were aware of it since last...
more than a year.
So even they couldn't change it...
...banks who were the deciding authority...
...who are the one who had the...
...more of a say in the market.
Brokers are the small segment
of the whole market.
Only one and one...
...my request is...
...I don't want bouquets.
Don't give me big bets.
It's too much of a swing
from top to the bottom...
...and again swinging back up.
And I won't say I'm a hero.
Let me be what I am
and I am proud of what I am. That's all.
Says Bhavani Nath,
My guru laid his hand on my head
Liberation is mine
Says Bhavani Nath,
my guru laid his hand on my head
Liberation is mine
Like a drop of dew
The breeze...
Don't be deluded by illusions
Don't take pride in the body!
It's as fragile as clay
Like a drop of dew
A blast of wind...
Just a little gust
And the body will turn to dust!